Added some more information about registering sections (#2491)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/Section-Trees/sections.md

... would create a new section in your Umbraco backoffice called 'My Favourite Things'.

> Registering your section this way, it is added to the end of the collection of sections. But as more `package.manifest` files may do the same, the order of the additional sections depends on the order of which the `package.manifest` files are loaded. Registering your section this way doesn't allow further control of it's order. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When registering your section this way, it is added to the end of the collection of sections. But as more `package.manifest` files may do the same, the order of the additional sections depends on the order of which the `package.manifest` files are loaded. Registering your section this way doesn't allow further control of its order. 
```

Author: Makes sense 👍
